title: 'OnePlus 2 OxygenOS 3.1.1 Special Intermittent Version'date: 2016/12/25categories: OnePlus 2tags: Stablefile_size: 1.22 GBversion: 3.1.1md5: a9412e0fd5f86f48ca43b5be53845812download: http://oxygenos.oneplus.net.s3.amazonaws.com/OnePlus2Oxygen_14_OTA_021_all_1610121102_wipe_9505656273ba4203.zip---*** Flashing guide for OnePlus 2: Downgrading from 3.5.5 to 3.1.0** A few things to keep in mind before you start the downgrade process:* This version can only be used for rolling back from OxygenOS 3.5.5 * This downgrade process will erase all data from your phone, please perform a full backup of your data before you start downgrading.* Please ensure the device has enough power or charged in before downgrading.* Basic functions will be affected if you skip step 3 and perform step 7 immediately.Steps:1) Download 3.1.1 Intermittent Version and 3.1.0 Stable Version and copy them onto the phone’s directory. (Example: Storage/Internal Storage/Download)2) Power off your phone and enter Recovery Mode by pressing the Power and Volume - button together for 3 seconds.3) Choose English > Install from local > Choose OnePlus2Oxygen_14_OTA_021_all_1610121102_wipe_9505656273ba4203.zip from the phone’s directory. (Example: Storage/Internal Storage/Download)4) Wait for the flashing process to complete. Do not cut off power and do not interrupt until the process is completed.5) After the flashing, choose “Reboot” and device will restart.6) Repeat Step 27) Choose English > Install from local > Choose OnePlus2Oxygen_14_OTA_020_all_1608262242_44a55e674a2b4bf6.zip from the phone’s directory. (Example: Storage/Internal Storage/Download)8) After the flashing, choose “Reboot” and device will be downgraded to 3.1.0.